Completely changed the README all in one commit :) (#3)
Itai-Nelken/aptpac: README.md

# aptpac

> AptPac is a program which helps with the transition to Arch Linux and similar.

Reviewer: The name is all lowercase
```suggestion
aptpac is a program which helps with the transition to Arch Linux and similar.
```

It simplifies using pacman as it works like the easier to use APT package manager found in Debian based distributions.

The program comes in 2 variants, a bash shell version, and a C code variant.

> The C code variant should be used since C code is quicker and better to use rather than shell scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the C code variant since C code is quicker and better than shell scripts.
```

## Usage

``` bash

> aptpac install $PACKAGENAME 
> aptpac search $PACKAGENAME
> aptpac remove $PACKAGENAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**USAGE:**
        `aptpac [option] [options for the option]`
        **EXAMPLE:** `aptpac search qemu`
**AVAILABLE OPTIONS:**
        `install` - install a package.
        `remove` - uninstall a package.
        `search` - search a package.
        `find` - (`pacman -F`) in debian: `apt-file search`.
        `update` - equivalent of `apt update` in debian.
        `upgrade` - equivalent of `apt upgrade` in debian.
        `autoclean` - clean up all local caches.
        `autoremove` - remove packages that are no longer needed.
        `list-installed` - list all installed packages.
        `help` - show this help.
        `version` - show version and about information.
 
If you don't supply any option, the help and about will be printed.
```

```

> ## **Installation**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> Since there are 2 variants of aptpac, there are 2 install methods, please choose the variant you would like, C or Bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there are 2 variants of aptpac, there are 2 install methods, please choose the variant you would like: C (recommended) or Bash
```

**Guide to installing C aptpac:**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

prebuilt binaries coming soon!

```

Reviewer: remove the spaces above and bellow if you think it looks better.

Author: This shouldn't be added. Arch is against prebuilt binaries and so am I

Reviewer: ok, I won't add them as a installation option but I might add them as a 'daily builds' option if I get github-actions to compile the binaries successfully.

``` bash
sudo pacman -S cmake make git gcc
cd $HOME
git clone https://github.com/Itai-Nelken/aptpac
cd ./aptpac/C-edition
mkdir build
cd build 
cmake ..
make
# Optional however crucial
sudo make install # This moves aptpac to /usr/local/bin so it can be run easily
```

**Guide to installing Bash aptpac:**

``` bash
sudo pacman -S wget
cd $HOME
mkdir .aptpac
wget https://github.com/Itai-Nelken/aptpac/releases/download/0.2.0-alpha/aptpac.sh -O .aptpac/aptpac.sh
chmod +x .aptpac/aptpac.sh
echo "alias aptpac=\"~/.aptpac/aptpac.sh\"" >> $HOME/.bashrc
source .bashrc
```

## Uninstalling

Choose the correct uninstall method - the one you chose when installing

**Guide to uninstalling C aptpac:**

``` bash
cd ~/aptpac/C-edition/build
sudo make uninstall
cd ~
sudo rm ./aptpac -r 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deleted the aptpac build folder, you can simply delete /usr/local/bin/aptpac with this command: `sudo rm /usr/local/bin/aptpac`

```
